hey guys it's Steve here from better
gamer zone just bringing you a quick
video guide for hitman absolution
showing you how to unlock the well done
challenge on mission 9 shaving Lenny you
get this by courting an accidental kill
near the barbecue so just drop down off
the ledge after picking up the hammer
use it to distract the police officers
and then we're just going to climb up on
the ledge here head around to the right
climb up again and then we're just going
to make our way through the window we're
just going to wait for the police
officer to patrol to the left and just
head through and around and straight to
the end of the hallway and through the
door just need to head down to the left
here and to make things significantly
easier we're just gonna pick up the
barber disguise and just head into the
main room
and straight across and we're just gonna
pick up the lighter fluid back out and
all we're going to do is just head down
to the to the basement took a bit of a
convoluted route there and yeah once
you're inside here you can switch the
hot sauce with lighter fluid and then we
just need to head outside and head back
up to weather year barbecue is
and all we need to do is just wait here
for one of Lenny's goons to turn up and
the guy with the lighter fluid
and then Lenny's goon or starter using
the lighter fluid on the barbecue set
himself on fire which will unlock the
well done challenge hope videos help
please leave any comments below and
subscribe to my channel for future
achievement videos thanks